# Visualization_By_Plotly
Visualization of time series using plotly graphing library in python

This python code is a part of the greater assignment and its objective is to visualize the number of NYC Yellow cabs trips started from the 
area which contains the Empire State Building depending on time. Trips were summed up for every hour over a certain period of time (so one 
point of the data represents, for example, how many trips were started from the Empire State Building area between 2012-07-01 00:00:00 and
2012-07-01 00:59:59 including the limits). The period covers several years and the data is stored in csv-format file (its name is 
ESB_trips_2.csv and it is contained in this repository as well). 

My idea was to display the data with capability of selecting the range of displayed data portion (full period or just part of it) and 
sliding the selected range along the time axis (like you select an one month window and then move it to see various months of a year). 
To accomplish this, I decided to use plotly library with showing the graph in a separate html-file (resulting html-file is also contained 
in this repository so you can play with the graph generated by the code).

All the files for that small project (data, code and resulting graph in the form of .html file) are in this repository.
Unfortunately for now it's not possible to display such big files in GitHub as my data (csv-file) and graph (html-file) so to have a look at my data or graph you'll need to download it.

And finally - here are the requirements to Python version and packages necessary for those who wants to run this code on their machines.

The following is to be installed to run this code:

Python: version 3.7.4 <br>
Pandas: version 0.25.1 <br>
Plotly: version 4.5.2
